Displays the text, miHoYo and fades.
Different shots of cities and buildings .
The traveller putting his hands on the statue.
The statue glows with magical particles.
A shot of the traveller running.
A girl balancing her pet on her head.
A woman standing in front of a sundial.
A man on a pillar.
A peaceful shot of a hut and a boy standing in a bamboo forest.
A shot of a winery house.
A bard playing his harp.
A red floating magical stone slowly turns to blue.
A dragon roaring.
A big angry wolf
Shots of different characters using their skills in battle
Slowly fades into a peaceful shot of a beautiful sunset.
fades into a white screen with the title Genshin Impact displayed.